These days, sciences this are infiltrating our lives,
and businesses are trying to track every action of a user.
All this is done through event data.
In this lesson, we'll introduce the concept of
event data and take a deeper look at it in the next lesson.
Event data mainly describes the actions performed by entities.
A few key pieces of information that are captured in
event data are action, timestamp, and state.
Action is what happened.
Example, customer opened a promotional e-mail.
Timestamp is when it happened,
on evening of October 6th.
Statement refer to all other relevant data such as what device was used,
mobile, tablet, or computer,
then what browser was used, etc.
Few things to note about event data are,
data is not normalized.
For every new action more data is generated.
It gives us good insight about how users are interacting with our services over time.
Therefore, this type of data is also sometimes referred to as behavioral data.
I hope you'll enjoy learning about entity and event data.
Now it's time to test what you have learned.